README.md, before:

# SpaceMiner

### SETUP

All Blinks begin as Asteroids. Each player should grab one Blink and take it aside. Scatter all remaining Blinks across the play surface, making sure that all Blinks are at least six inches apart, to create the asteroid field. Once they're all scattered, choose a relatively central Blink and long-press it until it changes state and becomes the Depot.

Each player should also long-press their Blink until it turns into a Depot. Let go and long-press again and the Blink will turn into a Ship. It should look something like this.

_GIF OF IDLE SHIP_

Players can now place their ships anywhere on the boundary of the aasteroid field. Your setup should look something like this, although number of blinks and exact composition will be unique to each game.

_GIF OF ASTEROID FIELD HERE_

Start a countdown from 5. When you reach 0, play begins.

### GAMEPLAY

There are no "turns" in Space Miner. Once play begins, all players are free to move and mine as they please.

Your goal is to mine the asteroid field for colored ore. The ore you're collecting is indicated by the dim arc of color on the back of your ship. Move towards and attach to asteroids with the same colored ore to begin mining.

To move, flick your Blink. You can do this freely during the game, so long as your Blink comes to a rest between each flick. You may attach to asteroids, the depot, or even other ships in this process. If you are attached to a Blink and wish to move away, you are allowed to physically separate your Blink from the other before flicking it again. Do your best not to move either Blink too far from where it was when attached.

When your ship is attached to a Blink with compatible ore, it will begin mining. You can be able to see the ore on the asteroid diminish as your cargo hold fills. Asteroids that are mined of all or nearly all of their ore will reset after a brief period. In addition, any asteroid that is not mined for X seconds will also reset to a new ore type. This helps ensure a diversity of ore types across the field.

Filling your entire hold takes around 3 seconds, and you may need to visit several asteroids to acomplish this. Once you've filled your cargo hold, it will begin to flash a golden yellow, which means your mission is complete.

Now that your mission is complete, you must deposit it at the depot. Separate yourself from the asteroid you were mining from and flick your ship towards the depot. Once you are attached to the depot, your cargo hold will empty, you will be awarded one victory point, a new mission will be assigned to you.

The game ends when one player has acquired X victory points.

Commit message:

Updated readme to match gameplay
Updated readme to match current gameplay. Still needs gifs and likely edits as gameplay may change

README.md, after:

# SpaceMiner

| Number of Blinks | Number of Players | Duration of Gameplay | Recommended Ages |
|------------------|:-----------------:|:--------------------:|-----------------:|
| 6+               | 2+                |  ~2 minutes          | 6 & Up           |

_GIF OF GAMEPLAY_

Frantically pilot your mining ship through the crowded asteroid field to mine ore faster than your rivals! First player to complete their mining mission is the winner!

### SETUP

All Blinks begin as Asteroids. Each player should grab one Blink and take it aside. Scatter all remaining Blinks across the play surface, making sure that all Blinks are at least six inches apart, to create the asteroid field.

Based on your player count, we suggest the following asteroid counts. That being said, you can adjust these numbers to fit your play style and Blinks collection:

2 Players - 4 Asteroids
3-4 Players - 5 Asteroids
5-6 Players - 6 Asteroids

Each player should now long-press their Blink until it turns into a Ship. It should look something like this.

_GIF OF IDLE SHIP_

Start a countdown from 5. When you reach 0, play begins.

### GAMEPLAY

There are no "turns" in Space Miner. Once play begins, all players are free to move and mine as they please.

To move, simply slide your Blink along the play surface. Move towards and attach to asteroids with the color of ore you're targeting to begin mining. You do not need to connect to a specific face to do this, you can attach to any available space. The mining process has a short wait time, and when it is completed you will see the ore disappear from the asteroid and appear on your ship. At this point, you can squeeze the connection point between your ship and the asteroid to disengage.

_GIF OF DISCONNECT PROCESS_

Asteroids will periodically update to display new ore. This is done on a semi-random timer, but will not occur if they are connected to another Blink. 

Your goal is to complete 6 "missions" by mining the asteroid field for colored ore. The ore you're collecting is indicated by the dim color on your ship, and the number of ore needed to complete the mission is indicated by the number of dimmed lights. As you collect ore, your cargo bay will fill, and turn solid white when the mission is complete. After completing each mission, make sure you are separated from any asteroid, then double-click your ship to be given a new mission.

_GIF OF NEW MISSION_

### END GAME

You first mission will ask you to collect 6 pieces of ore, the next will ask for 5, then 4, and so on. Your final mission only requires you to pick up a single piece of ore. The first player to complete this final mission is the winner!

_GIF OF WIN STATE_

To reset your ship, long-press to turn it into an Asteroid, then long-press again to return to Ship mode with a new set of missions.
